- IP address: An IP address is a numerical label that identifies a device on a network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication. There are two versions of IP addresses: IPv4 and IPv6. IPv4 uses 32 bits to represent an address, while IPv6 uses 128 bits. IP addresses are assigned by Internet service providers (ISPs) or network administrators and can be static (fixed) or dynamic (changing). IP addresses are used to locate and route data packets between devices on the Internet. You can learn more about IP addresses from [this Wikipedia article](^2^).
- Port: A port is a logical endpoint of a connection between two devices on a network. A port is identified by a 16-bit number that ranges from 0 to 65535. Ports are used to distinguish different applications or services that run on the same device and use the same protocol. For example, the default port for HTTP is 80, while the default port for HTTPS is 443. You can learn more about ports from [this article](^4^).
- HTTP methods: HTTP methods are verbs that indicate the action that a client wants to perform on a resource on a server. The most common HTTP methods are GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, and PATCH. GET requests are used to retrieve data from a server, while POST requests are used to send data to a server. PUT requests are used to update or replace data on a server, while DELETE requests are used to delete data from a server. PATCH requests are used to apply partial modifications to data on a server. You can learn more about HTTP methods from [this article].
- MAC address: A MAC address is a unique identifier of a network interface card (NIC) that is assigned by the manufacturer. A MAC address consists of six bytes (48 bits) that are usually written in hexadecimal notation, such as 00:FF:FF:AB:BB:AA. MAC addresses are used to ensure the physical address of a device on a network and to facilitate data link layer communication. MAC addresses can be retrieved by using the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) or the Reverse Address Resolution Protocol (RARP). You can learn more about MAC addresses from [this article](^1^).

